#summary Thanks who helped us.

Thanks to Minilyrics, Sogou and Qianqian, our lyrics are downloaded from them.

Some open source projects help the authors to develop OSD Lyrics, as well as some people. The authors would like to thank you:
 * [http://freshmeat.net/projects/gnome-osd/ Gnome OSD]:OSD implementation
 * [http://code.google.com/p/lrcdis/ lrcdis]:The idea of third-party lyrics program, and the analysis of LRC download protocols
 * [http://www.cairo-dock.org/ Cairo-Dock]:its musicPlayer plugin helps the authors to implement most music player support
 * The global keybinding implementation is taken from [http://do.davebsd.com/ Gnome Do], which is originally from Red hat and [http://projects.gnome.org/tomboy/ Tomboy]
 * [http://imtx.cn/ TuaratriX] has help one of the author on the implementation of OSD, and is maintaining the Ubuntu PPA repository.
 * easy designed our beautiful icon.
 * [http://liangsuilong.co.cc/ liangsuilong] maintains the Fedora RPM repository.
 * Linus Wang designed icons of app indicator fit with the themes of Ubuntu 10.04

---

感谢迷你歌词、搜狗和千千，是它们让歌词下载成为可能。

OSD Lyrics的开发离不开开源软件的帮助。没有它们的代码作为参考，不知要摸索到何年何月。在此感谢以下对OSD Lyrics的发展提供过帮助的软件和个人：
 * [http://freshmeat.net/projects/gnome-osd/ Gnome OSD]：OSD模式的实现很多参考了它的代码
 * [http://code.google.com/p/lrcdis/ lrcdis]：第三方支持的创意和歌词下载的分析
 * [http://www.cairo-dock.org/ Cairo-Dock]：各种播放器支持的实现参考自它的musicPlayer插件
 * 全局快捷键的实现取自 [http://do.davebsd.com/ Gnome Do]，代码可追溯到Red hat和[http://projects.gnome.org/tomboy/ Tomboy]
 * [http://imtx.cn/ TuaratriX同学]也曾在OSD的实现上帮助过作者，并维护Ubuntu PPA源
 * easy同学为我们设计了美丽的图标
 * [http://liangsuilong.co.cc/ liangsuilong]同学提供了RPM打包，并维护Fedora RPM源
 * Linus Wang同学设计了与Ubuntu 10.04配套的系统托盘图标主题