#summary Build instructions.
#labels Featured

= Dependencies =
== For deb systems ==
 * libgtk2.0-dev
 * libdbus-glib-1-dev
 * libglade2-dev
n * libcurl3-dev
 * libmpd-dev (this is unecessary if you configure with --disable-mpd option)
== For rpm systems ==
 * gtk2-devel
 * dbus-glib-devel
 * libcurl-devel
 * libglade2-devel
 * libmpd-devel (this is unecessary if you configure with --disable-mpd option)

= Download sources =
You have two ways to obtain the latest source codes.
== Check out from svn ==
{{{
svn checkout http://osd-lyrics.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ osd-lyrics
cd osd-lyrics
}}}
== Download source package ==
You can get source packages from [http://code.google.com/p/osd-lyrics/downloads/list]

Extract it into a directory
{{{
tar zxvf osdlyrics-a.b.yyyymmdd.tar.gz
cd osdlyrics-a.b.yyyymmdd
}}}
Where a.b.yyyymmdd is the version of OSD Lyrics you download.

= Build and install =
Make sure you are in the source directory.

Then follow the instructions:
{{{
aclocal
autoconf
automake --add-missing
./configure
make
sudo make-install
}}}
By ./configure, you can append some options after it. The available options you may be insterested in are list below. To get all available options, just ./configure --help

== Available Options ==
You can use following options when invoking configure script
 * --disable-mpd: Disables MPD support. If you don't use MPD, you may be happy with it. Disabling MPD support also frees you from having dev package of libmpd installed.
 * --enable-amarok1: Enable Amarok 1.4 support. Amarok 1.4 is no longer supported by default.